hi everyone today I'm going to show you
how to make your own buffalo wings I am
using chicken wing gits and you want to
coat them in Lawry's seasoned salt
you don't want to use too much because
that's a lot of salt it may look like
I'm using a lot but I'm not really using
that much then you want to prepare your
batter I'm using about a cup of flour a
little bit of paprika a little bit of
black pepper and a little bit of cayenne
pepper oh and also a little bit of salt
now I'm using sea salt because I
couldn't find the regular salt and you
just want to mix that in really really
good then you want to get a ziploc bag
and you want to put your chicken wings
in the bag then you're going to add your
flour to it and give it a really really
good shake so that all of the chicken is
lightly coated with the flour then you
want to take it out and put it in a
container or put it on a plate and then
you want to cover whatever you put the
chicken in cover with saran wrap and put
it in the refrigerator for about 30
minutes one hour always do thirty
minutes because I'm always ready to eat
wow that's in the refrigerator you want
to start making your buffalo sauce and
to make that always use hot sauce I
really like to use Franks red hot pepper
sauce instead of Louisiana but I didn't
have any then I use add pepper to that
garlic powder
melted butter and I stir it up mix it up
really really good then I add celery
flakes and parsley and then I stir that
in
now it's been 30 minutes and the chicken
is now ready to fry I put it all in I
try not to stack them on top of each
other unless I don't have a choice and
there's me and now the chicken is fried
once it's done fry you want to put the
chicken on a paper towel to get rid of
all the excess grease because you don't
want all of that on your chicken and
then you want to add your buffalo sauce
once you get it all on the chicken you
want to coat the chicken you want every
inch of the chicken covered in buffalo
sauce or as much you can get covered
then you can take it out and put it on a
plate and it is now ready to be served I
hope you try it and enjoy it and thank
you for watching
for the season wings you want to use
some of the same ingredients hot sauce
melted butter cayenne pepper paprika
salt and mix it all up put your chicken
wings in a ziploc bag and pour on the
sauce shake it up really good
set it to the side for about 30 minutes
at room temperature and then put it in a
pan and you're going to put in the oven
on broil broil on high for about 15 to
20 minutes or until it's fully cooked
and this is how it looks as you can see
someone stole the piece of chicken and
now left with two and this is the end
results season chicken wings thank you
for watching